However, with the advent of Deep Learning (DL), we have witnessed enormous research progress in...
In this article I will briefly go through some of the current datasets, approaches and evaluation metrics in VQA
this review article illustrates and highlights changes to the BI-RADS lexicon and provides readers with a general overview to familiarize them with the fifth edition
get the absolute best out of her team members whom she herself handpicked(精心挑选) for their respective（各自的） roles
certain interventions by clinicians were used to demarcate(划分) hemodynamic instability
but care must be taken in the training of such approaches to avoid inadvertently（无心） introducing bias into outcomes of these systems
this choice would need to be at the discretion of the medical care provider and their institution
ultrasound as adjunct to mammography 附属的
the FDA reinstated the use of ...
MRI has traditionally been used as a second-line imaging method to solve diagnosis problems in patients with equivocal findings on mammography or ultrasound 模糊的


keep abreast of 了解..最新情况
she was instrumental in strengthening ... and improving overal performance in ...
in her new role, she will leverage on her market knowledge in ...
I will report to department head directly
I will partner with ... and work closely with ...
I started the career in Philips Greater China Finance in Dec 2009 and has since taken different roles in ...
prior to Philips, Joe spent 3 years in ...
Joe has being playing a critical role for ...and make significant contribution to ...

brief digression 离题


This year’s GBP refresher course has been updated from both content and format perspective。. You will spend approximately 40 minutes, to experience a day of a Philips employee, especially on how the employee constantly makes decisions in his daily work

stringent 严格地;严厉的
such models impose strigent constraints on the relationship between explanatory variables and risk of death

Different forms of IP rights are critical for our company, as they maintain Philips competitive advantage 
in a dynamic and competitive market such as China, we place special emphasis on taking proactive measures to protect ... 
we encourage everyone to attend these very important and useful sessions; these sessions are in fact mandatory for new employees. For existing employees, these sessions are a great opportunity to refresh you 








