-------------new employee----------
the new employee introduction letter welcomes your new staff member. it introduces the new employee to his or her coworkers. a nice touch for the employee is to schedule an informal time with food and drinks for coworkers to greet their new teammate, the new employee will feel as if the team has embrassed his or her arrival.
other activities to make the new employee feel welcome should include ...
it discourage the new employee from continuing to job search
submit questions in advance of the meeting 在会议之前提交问题
consider giving the new employee access to your employee intranet or wiki
this also allows the new person to more quickly integrate into the new workplace
you highlight the new employee's experience and competence with your other employees
a self introduction letter will break the ice between you and your new colleagues
since you have initiated contact
develop and maintain a smooth relationship with them
all of you are friendly with each other 
I anticipate working with all of you ...
concerning experience, 


欢迎新员工邮件
Dear staff:
	I'd like to introduce you to our newest employee. Mike has accepted our offer of employment as a marketing manager, his first day is March 1, please join us at 4PM in the main conference room and welcome him to the company on his first day.
	Mike has fiften years of experience in increasingly responsible roles with marketing at several companies. 
	his experience is enhanced by ...
	as Marketing manager, Mike is responsible for the overal leadership of the marketing department and the marketing staff. Specifically researching and evaluating new product opportunities, demand for potential products, and customer needs and insights, working with product development teams to manage new product development
	Mike will work closely with the product development teams.
	thanks for joining me in welcoming Mike to the team

QizhongLin's introduction
Hi everyone,
	my name is qizhong, actually I had joined philips for about 7 years, the same month and same year with Dr. Xu in 2011, unfortunately I left our company four months ago, the reason is similar to others "the world is so big that I want to have a look", I thought I would get used to local company, but the answer is no. I can not be too happy during this time our company hire me again.
	concerning my experience, I graduated from Fudan University in 2007, my major is bio-medical engineering, my research area is medical image processing. After graduation I went to korea directly, my first job is cardiac vessel analysis based on CT sequence. after two years I come back to Shanghai and join Hitachi, my second job is 3D visualization of medical image, finally I joined philips research China, I particapated in several projects including BI-RADS, LI-RADS, big data analytics, natural language processing, and BAMA.
	that is all, thank you

------------common conversation in office-------------
I haven't seen you around before. 　　　　我以前在这儿没见过你。 
Is this your first trip to ___? 这是您第一次来某地吗？ 
Have you found time to see much? 
Time is up, 时间到了

--Thank you for your help
--Anytime. 　　　　（不用谢）也是英美人用来回答致谢的话 
--Thanks for the lovely evening.（谢谢您的款待） 
--Glad you enjoyed it.（很高兴你喜欢）。 

--sorry, ...
--never mind

--Why don't you join us for a drink?
--Thanks. That's a good idea.（好主意） 

--What about going out for a meal after work? 
--I'd like to. But I get another appointment tonight.

--I lost the match. （我输掉了比赛） 
--Never mind. Better luck next time.（ 没关系，下次交好运。） 

I'm afraid that he's not available at the moment. 
Let's fix when we will start.  (让我们来决定何时动身。) 

--Yes, Of course. We've got to discuss next year's order. Just a moment, I'll get my diary... Right, next week...? 
--Could you manage Tuesday? 　 （你周二能有空吗？） 


I'm fully booked up next week.  （下一星期的日程我都排满了）
Anytime between nine and eleven is fine. 

Assemble all the relevant information. 　搜集所有的有关资料。 
Arrange the points in order of importance. 　按重要性的顺序安排要点，决定哪些是可以省略的观点。 


provisional 临时的，暂时的
favorable impression 　　良好印象 
daily routine 　　　日常杂务
fix a meeting 　 安排会谈 


Please drop me a line whenever you have time.
无论什么时候你有时间,请惠我短信.
Drop me a line once in a while.
有空给我写信.
Drop me a line and tell me how you’re getting on.
给我写封短信，告诉我你过得怎么样了。


We would be grateful if you could 
Further to our telephone call this morning. I am writing to inform you of my availability for 

Sorry, I couldn’t lay my hands on the address at the time.
很抱歉，我现在找不到那个地址

Since we are one of your loyal customers, please quote us your bestprice.
我们是贵方的忠实客户，请报给我们最优惠的价格

The delay of supply is due to shortage of raw materials.
延期供货是由于原材料短缺。

We would appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
如果你能尽早回信，我方将不胜感激

Did you apply for the post of Sales Manager?
你申请销售经理的职位了吗？

I’m writing to inform you of my availability for the above post.
我写信是想告诉你我什么时候能来就任该职。

I’m sorry, the manager is not available at the moment.
对不起，经理这会儿不在。

please ask him to get back to me as soon as possible.
请让他尽快给我回电话。

Advertisement is a key means of sales promotion.
广告是促销的一个重要手段。

Have you put your application in writing?
你写书面申请了吗？

The annual conference will be taking place at the Metropole Hotel from 24 to 28 July.
年会将于7月24日至28日在蒙特普利饭店举行。

with reference to …现提及……[常用于商务书信中以担及来信 、参考性资料等]
eg. With reference to your letter of 25 May, I’m pleased to accept your invitation.
我很高兴接受你在5月25日信中对我的邀请。

if you enquire any further information, please don't hesitate to get in touch with us

Let’s have a look at the performance of our three main products over the last six years.

We’ve captured 70% of the domestic market.
我们已占有了国内市场的70%

launch a new enterprise 创办一家新企业	launch our new product投放新产品
top-of-the-range product 高质高价产品
middle-of-the-range product 普通产品
cheap product 廉价产品

level off 变平稳
eg. Prices leveled off after the inflation ended.

